A. Change Control 
Change Management can also be called:
A. Change Control
B. Change Coordination
C. Change Execution
D. Change Prevention

D. Integrity; accuracy; currency 
Requirements management includes all activities that maintain ________ of the requirement agreements throughout the project.
A. Accuracy; currency; compatibility
B. Integrity; accuracy; compatibility
C. Compatibility
D. Integrity; accuracy; currency

B. Too many candidates 
Which is NOT the challenge that outsourced projects have to face:
A. It's harder to get developer input on requirements and to pass along user feedback on delivered software to developers
B. Too many candidates
C. Large time zone differences 
D. Language and cultural barriers
E. Remote developers lack the organizational and business knowledge

E. Users reject the solution 
Which is NOT the most common challenge with packaged solutions?
A. Language and cultural barriers
B. Incorrect solution expectations
C. Too many candidates
D. Vendor misrepresents package capabilities
E. Users reject the solution

D. Change control 
Updating sets of requirements is an activity of 
A. Version control
B. Requirements status tracking
C. Requirements tracking
D. Change control

D. Gap analysis 
________ is a comparison of functionality between an existing system and a desired new system.
A. Use cases analysis
B. Requirement elicitation
C. Document analysis
D. Gap analysis

A. Budget change 
What is NOT the essential aspects of an agile approach to requirements?
A. Budget change
B. Documentation detail
C. Timing
D. Customer involvement
E. Expect change

D. Who will implement the functional changes 
The requirements change management NOT determine
A. Who will be consulted or information of change
B. Process for requirements change
C. Which stakeholders need to approve change
D. Who will implement the functional changes
E. Who does not need to be involved

C. Create story board 
Which is NOT the essential Agile technique to improve traditional requirements documentation?
A. Invest in your User Stories
B. Create requirements that slice the cake 
C. Create story board
D. Groom your User Stories often
E. Create prototypes

A. two months 
The iterations in Agile method should be:
A. two months
B. two weeks
C. two years
D. two days

C. Software requirement back to the system requirement it supports 
Requirements tracking is most likely concerned with the following ( recovering the source of requirements from):
A. Software requirements specification document
B. Analysis into requirements specification document
C. Software requirement back to the system requirement it supports
D. Observation to elicitation technique

C. Deferred 
The requirements will be implemented in a future release, this is ________ status
A. Rejected
B. Deleted
C. Deferred
D. Approved
E. Verified

B. Lack of visibility 
Which of the following is NOT the difficulty of managing requirements changes?
A. Difficult to understand the impact
B. Lack of visibility
C. Document-centric process
D. Technology usually out of date
E. High reliance on a single person

B. Chairperson 
The Change Control Board will have a ______ who leads the team, and can often have the ability to overrule votes
A. President
B. Chairperson
C. Coordinator
D. Liaison

D. Forward from requirements 
Defining links between individual functional and nonfunctional requirements and specific system elements is an action of tracking ____
A. Forward to requirements
B. Backward to requirements
C. Backward from requirements
D. Forward from requirements

E. Use case driven 
Which is NOT the type of Agile method?
A. Learn Software Development
B. Feature-Driven Development
C. Extreme Programming
D. Kanban
E. Use case driven

A. Approve of deny 
The change management board has a scope of authority that indicates what changes the team has the ability to ____ before elevating to higher authority
A. Approve of deny
B. Approve
C. Review
D. Deny

C. Communicating changes to all affected team members is a manual process 
Which is NOt the limitation of a document-based approach in developing and managing requirements?
A. It's hard to define list ..... requirements and other system elements
B. It's difficult to keep the documents current and synchronized
C. Communicating changes to all affected team members is a manual process
D. It's not easy to store supplementary information_attributes_about each requirement.
E. Generate test cases directly from requirements.

D. It stops 
What happens to rejected change request?
A. It is closed
B. It gets incorporated without anyone knowing
C. Nothing
D. It stops

D. Forward to requirements 
Customer need are traced ______ , so you can tell which requirements will be affected if those needs change during or after development
A. Forward from requirements
B. Backward to requirements
C. Backward to requirements
D. Forward to requirements
